docs: add social-team.md (#494)
nodejs/admin: social-team.md

# Social Team

Node.js as a project has a Social Team, a joint team between the TSC and CommComm to which the project has delegated management of official social media.

## Responsibilities

The Social Team is tasked with maintaining the project social accounts. This includes:

- content creation
- amplification of our community
  - sharing, retweeting, and so on
- engagement with our community
  - liking, replying, and so on
- updating account metadata (like bio, avatar, header images, and so on)

> With regard to posts and community interaction, there is not requirement or entitlement - rather, posts and interactions are completely at the discretion of the Social Team's members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With regard to posts and community interaction, there is no requirement or entitlement - rather, posts and interactions
```

Author: @mhdawson I believe your suggestion cut off some of the line. Is this okay?

```suggestion
With regard to posts and community interaction, there is no requirement or entitlement - rather, posts and interactions are completely at the discretion of the Social Team's members.
```

Reviewer: yes, sorry missed that it was multi-line. Second time today :(

Author: committed!

### Platforms 

This team controls and maintains the various social platforms that Node.js has:

- [Node.js on Twitter](https://twitter.com/nodejs)
- [Node.js on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/nodejsfoundation)
- [Node.js on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/node.js-foundation/)

### Access

> Social Team members will have full access to all [platofrms](#platforms).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Social Team members will have full access to all [platforms](#platforms).
```

### Expectations

The basic expectations are that **all** Social Team members will have both a willingness and ability to...

- spend time weekly engaging on various platforms, or communicate the inability to do so with other social team members and work with them to ensure there is *some* coverage
- spend time working with other social team members on building out good content
- spend time working work project committees, working groups, initiatives, and teams to build effective outward communication as needed

### Repositories

The Social Team will be responsible for and maintain the following:

- [nodejs/tweet](http://github.com/nodejs/tweet): a repo leveraging [Twitter Together](https://github.com/gr2m/twitter-together) that enables project members to queue up tweets to [@nodejs](https://twitter.com/nodejs) from within GitHub.

> 

Reviewer: Does this support queuing up retweets as well?

Author: Quote tweeting is possible since the minimum implementation of this is simply including your text and then a link to the tweet, which will result in the tweet being quoted.

This is not currently implemented but there's an open discussion in the repo: https://github.com/gr2m/twitter-together/issues/101

Reviewer: If we can't use what's described to request retweets we probably want to add  a section for that. I typically tweet out the minutes/recording for meetings and would like to be able to ask that the Node.js account retweet those.

Author: My perception is that is covered in L10-11 of this - I would consider that amplification of our community.

I also send DMs to the account a lot and while I personally have found that effective I'm trying to not be prescriptive about how the Social Team is going to operate in this document beyond basic enablement of the community.

Given that this is possible:

```text
Notes from today's TSC meeting 👀
<tweet link>
```

which will result in a quote tweet ([here's an example](https://twitter.com/nodejs/status/1247937279772983302?s=20) from @nodejs last week), plus the lines that assert amplification of our community is something the group is tasked with, do you feel adding an additional section requiring retweets of people under some specific conditions is necessary or a hard requirement?

Reviewer: Given that context I think its ok as is.

### Nominations

Nominations and self-nominations are open to **project members** on a rolling basis. An issue should be created in [nodejs/admin](https://github.com/nodejs/admin) for any kind of nomination.

### Objections

Membership in the Social Team **requires** zero objections from [TSC](https://github.com/nodejs/tsc) and [CommComm](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee) members.

Should there be an objection from a TSC member or CommComm member to a nomination, there are multiple paths to surfacing it:

- Directly in a nomination issue
- Through requesting a peer on the TSC or CommComm proxy your objection
- Through the TSC or CommComm chairperson who will proxy your objection

An objection *does* require substantiation beyond a simple `-1`, which can be commented or otherwise passed along through an objection proxy. Since this is a role built upon extreme trust and high impact, the substantiation is not negotiable by either the nominee or other TSC or CommComm members.

More explicitly: If an objection is stated, the nomination does not pass.

#### Re-nomination

If a nomination is objected to, the nominee can be re-nominated or re-self-nominated after 6 months.

> 

Reviewer: Do we need a section on "removal" ?  Hopefully it never occurs, but probably good to cover anyway. Possibly:

### Removal

A member of the Social team may be removed on request of any TSC or CommComm member.  This request can be raised in the same way as listed for raising an objection to a nomination.

Author: Added, with an additional note that it should be done in the original nomination issue.

### Membership Expectations

The Social Team is expected to adhere to the [Membership Expectations](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/MemberExpectations.md) document.

> Further, the Social Team is expected to be responsive and open to good-faith feedback from both project and community members about their approach to content and interactions on the platforms they maintain. Social Team members are expected to be proactive in reacting to good-faith feedback recieved from project and community members.

Author: ```suggestion
Further, the Social Team is expected to be responsive and open to good-faith feedback from both project and community members about their approach to content and interactions on the platforms they maintain. Social Team members are expected to be proactive in reacting to good-faith feedback received from project and community members.
```

# Social Team

> Node.js as a project has a Social Team, a joint team between the TSC and CommComm to which the project has delegated management of official social media.

Reviewer 3: Fix: readability.

```suggestion
Node.js as a project has a Social Team, a joint team between the TSC and CommComm to which the project has delegated the management of its official social media.
```

## Responsibilities

> The Social Team is tasked with maintaining the project social accounts. This includes:

Reviewer 3: Fix: readability.

```suggestion
The Social Team is tasked with maintaining the project's social accounts. This includes:
```

- Content creation
- Amplification of our community
  - Sharing, retweeting, and so on
- Engagement with our community
  - Liking, replying, and so on
- Updating account metadata (like bio, avatar, header images, and so on)

> With regard to posts and community interaction, there is no requirement or entitlement - rather, posts and interactions are completely at the discretion of the Social Team's members.

Reviewer 3: Fix: readability

```suggestion
With regard to posts and community interaction, there is no requirement or entitlement - rather, all posts and interactions are made and/or validated completely at the discretion of the Social Team's members.
```

### Platforms 

> This team controls and maintains the various social platforms that Node.js has:

Reviewer 3: Fix: readability

```suggestion
This team controls and maintains the various social platforms in which Node.js has an official presence:
```

- [Node.js on Twitter](https://twitter.com/nodejs)
- [Node.js on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/nodejsfoundation)
- [Node.js on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/node.js-foundation/)

### Access

Social Team members will have full access to all [platforms](#platforms).

### Expectations

The basic expectations are that **all** Social Team members will have both a willingness and ability to...

> - Spend time weekly engaging on various platforms, or communicate the inability to do so with other social team members and work with them to ensure there is *some* coverage

Reviewer 3: Fix: Readability.

```suggestion
- Spend time engaging on various platforms weekly, or communicate the inability to do so with other social team members and work with them to ensure there is *some* coverage
```

- Spend time working with other social team members on building out good content

> - Spend time working work project committees, working groups, initiatives, and teams to build effective outward communication as needed

Reviewer 3: Fix: Readability

```suggestion
- Spend time working with project committees, working groups, initiatives, and teams to build effective outward communication as needed
```

### Repositories

> The Social Team will be responsible for and maintain the following:

Reviewer 3: Fix: Readability.

```suggestion
The Social Team will be responsible for, and maintain the following:
```

> - [nodejs/tweet](http://github.com/nodejs/tweet): a repo leveraging [Twitter Together](https://github.com/gr2m/twitter-together) that enables project members to queue up tweets to [@nodejs](https://twitter.com/nodejs) from within GitHub.

Reviewer 3: Fix: Readability.

```suggestion
- [nodejs/tweet](http://github.com/nodejs/tweet): a repo leveraging [Twitter Together](https://github.com/gr2m/twitter-together) which enables project members to queue up tweets to [@nodejs](https://twitter.com/nodejs) from within GitHub.
```

## Membership

### Nominations

> Nominations and self-nominations are open to **project members** on a rolling basis. An issue should be created in [nodejs/admin](https://github.com/nodejs/admin) for any kind of nomination.

Reviewer 3: Fix: Readability. "Rolling" may be a colloquialism and not well understood by non-native English speakers.  

```suggestion
Nominations and self-nominations are open to **project members** on an ongoing basis. An issue should be created in [nodejs/admin](https://github.com/nodejs/admin) for any kind of nomination.
```

### Objections

Membership in the Social Team **requires** zero objections from [TSC](https://github.com/nodejs/tsc) and [CommComm](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee) members.

> Should there be an objection from a TSC member or CommComm member to a nomination, there are multiple paths to surfacing it:

Reviewer 3: Fix: Readability.

```suggestion
Should there be an objection from a TSC member or CommComm member to a nomination, there are multiple paths to surface it:
```

- Directly in a nomination issue

> - Through requesting a peer on the TSC or CommComm proxy your objection

Reviewer 3: Fix: Readability.

```suggestion
- By requesting a peer on the TSC or CommComm to proxy your objection
```

- Through the TSC or CommComm chairperson who will proxy your objection

An objection *does* require substantiation beyond a simple `-1`, which can be commented or otherwise passed along through an objection proxy. Since this is a role built upon extreme trust and high impact, the substantiation is not negotiable by either the nominee or other TSC or CommComm members.

More explicitly: If an objection is stated, the nomination does not pass.

#### Re-nomination

If a nomination is objected to, the nominee can be re-nominated or re-self-nominated after 6 months.

### Re-certification

An annual recertification vote is required for all Social Team members. For an individual to be recertified, a simple majority vote in favor of recertification is required by both the TSC and CommComm.

### Removal

> A member of the Social team may be removed on request of any TSC or CommComm member. This request can be raised in the same way as listed for raising an [objection](#objection) to a nomination, in the original nomination issue.

Reviewer 3: Fix: Readability.

```suggestion
A member of the Social Team may be removed by the request of any TSC or CommComm member. This request can be raised in the same way as is listed for raising an [objection](#objection) to a nomination, in the original nomination issue.
```

### Membership Expectations

The Social Team is expected to adhere to the [Membership Expectations](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/MemberExpectations.md) document.

> Further, the Social Team is expected to be responsive and open to good-faith feedback from both project and community members about their approach to content and interactions on the platforms they maintain. Social Team members are expected to be proactive in reacting to good-faith feedback received from project and community members.

Reviewer 3: Fix: Readability.

```suggestion
Furthermore, the Social Team is expected to be responsive and open to good-faith feedback from both project and community members about their approach to content and interactions on the platforms they maintain. Social Team members are expected to be proactive in reacting to any good-faith feedback received from project and community members.
```
